Fixed the dev bug in generate docs (#1208)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where running **format** on a playbook whose `name` does not equal its `id` would cause other playbooks who use that playbook as a sub-playbook to fail.
* Added support for local custom command configuration file `.demisto-sdk-conf`.
* Updated the **format** command to include an update to the description file of an integration, to remove community/partner details.

> * Fixed issue where **generate-docs** does not add the used scripts to the README file.

Reviewer: please move this line to the current release.
```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the **generate-docs** command did not add all the used scripts in a playbook to the README file.
```
